Add note about how to set GCP/Azure cloud configs (#14280)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_sql_server/azure.md

      name: '<YOUR_INSTANCE_NAME>'
```

See the [SQL Server integration spec][4] for additional information on setting `deployment_type` and `name` fields.

> The `service` and `env` tags allow you to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. To learn how these tags are used throughout Datadog, read the documentation on [unified service tagging][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `service` and `env` tags to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. See [Unified Service Tagging][5] on how these tags are used throughout Datadog.
```

  datadoghq/agent:${DD_AGENT_VERSION}
```

See the [SQL Server integration spec][3] for additional information on setting `deployment_type` and `name` fields.

> The `service` and `env` tags allow you to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. To learn how these tags are used throughout Datadog, read the documentation on [unified service tagging][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `service` and `env` tags to link your database telemetry to other telemetry through a common tagging scheme. See [Unified Service Tagging][4] on how these tags are used throughout Datadog.
```
